Stock thresholds must be set per part.
The system should allow loading of non-stock items for external workshops or once-off parts purchased for a specific job.
It must also be possible to capture the cost of non-stock parts used by external workshops/sublets.
On the job card, remove the client section (name, location, etc.) and add a Driver field that pulls from the driver list (optional).

Workflow sequence to be updated as follows:

1.      Admin: Create job card, assign parts, and assign a technician or external sublet.
2.      Manager: Approve or reject the job.
3.      Admin: Print the job card (must include a notes section and a technician signature section), to be given to tech.
4.      Admin: Once the technician submits the signed job card, admin to update parts if needed, add labour costs, then complete and close the job card on the system.

Remove the “Close Job” permission from the Manager user role.
If a job is rejected by the Manager, it must be stored in a “Rejected Jobs” section, with the ability to reopen a previously rejected job.
They require a report showing all completed jobs, with a one-line summary/overview per job.






















































































3. No location for mobile
4. Technician is not added in authitication just in table only
5. Need to change the RSL for tables Updates for all tables to USING (created_by = auth.uid())
6. Havent been able to request breakdown and dispatch it functionality
7. Doesnt add technicians as yet and add them to db
8. Error so when new job created the old one is left with nothing as in the prev v id and driver id so i want to store it in both old and new
9. Estimation times not working as yet.
10. Store images as the url link to work on web storage bucket also in mobile app
11. Add client side and also database to be changed to allow different companies


Mobile App
3. Location services not working
4. Cant request the breakdown


requested change(
    call center need to determine if it third party or internal and cost
    request the password change and will come back to us we do it for you like sending a link and all
)



Chnages for Klaver will kill me


Done Task
1. Record to dbs the status which is assigned



Quick Q: 

Should i be reg admin of company or fleet manager and they have prev to add users to their system or how 

internal workshop mech, no we need to tow 

when tow send 




fleet manager : {
   email: davidmanager@lg.co.za
   0648629542
   password12


}

call center : Lorren Gune{
    lorrgune@lg.co.za
    0762459594
}


technicians:{
    0738618922
    email: zamitech@lg.co.za
    password12
}

driver: {
    0893452367
    driverxolani@lg.co.za
    passsword12
}



since rendering same component for call and fleet need to change that now
















03 August 2025 changes

duplicate the Breakdown system to be called Management Maintanance(

dashboard =>
 quick report( we changing to number of tows, remove cost eff, weekly trend) breakdown and quick for open jobs
redirect to the list of jobs that are there for (Quick Summary open and close date for the jobs(regno,jobnumb,status,dateopend,currectstatus date,
add view btn to view full details (/jobs/51) actions(performed by fleet manager(approve,decline, request inspection))
)))
=> for these new system we remove qoute management and we run it on job statuses.
=> Fleet manager will always have ability and action (approved, decline or request other inspection)


performance metrix => prefer to job types(electrical), number of jobs, avg costing, 

statuses(
1. Awaiting Approval(Once open job card and workshop allocated, workshop provide update to when should come)(booking vehicle)
2. Workshop accepted(VEHICLE TObe delivered)(once workshop accepted job, once it there must confirm it there and confirm goes to 3.)
3. Vehicles at workshop(pending qoutation(Load qoutation, once loaded if over spec threehold request inspection, under must go to pendng approval which wll be done fleet manager))
4. Qoute loaded(1.pENDING INSEPCTION
    (we need to have app for inspector validate the job(using the reg number(checkblock next to items to checkout,
     and notes))), 2.Pending approval)
5. Approved
6. Declined,
7. Completed
8. Invoiced
9.Paid
)


workshop accepted and awaiting remove for internal

fleet manager will be able to reject or accept


mobile(
 inspector(inspection for job(see the qoute and confirm based on the qoute and attach pictures and note as recommendation) 
 and 
 workshop(
    view all the pictures, and see if the part they loaded is correct and update photos.
    location setting for both workshop and job.
 )
 
 )

be able to have accept or not
dashboard 0-3 days 4-7 and 8++
old than 3 must be flashed and more than 8 highligheted red
)

backend for the systems
value and job type mandatory as critirea,
booking system to book inspection when it will be done (to his quee based on location)


mandate{
    for fleet manager
    (all job types will be displayed and they need to select which job type then go to what the value needed for this job types)
    => to find workshop we add on bbee schedule (gander)
    => VAT (YES OR NO())
    => Auth limit(all users in systems(can view all(username and surname) and must to value of what auth or limit )){
        have job > 3k and the auth limit is also under 3k it will go to the user it will depend on value of the jobs. 
    }
    if they havent got job it gives them the.
    enter vehicle location to determine the job
}


Workshop side (
    call center now is workshop

    can only see jobs allocated to them, functions is accepting, rejecting(decline)
    add date for status(backend) and date for picking when to bring the vehicle,
    load qoutations(parts(format:{
        Quantity, partno, part descrp, cost exc vat
    } and labour{
        no_hours, labour_rate(from workshop registration)
    })),
    upload supplies qoutations of org parts supplies and attach photos,


    Inspector:after inspection{
     WORKSHOP can edit qoute and resubmit it for approval to fleetmanager,
        once approved must be able to upload or generate invoice from our system
        invoice format(which will auto generate) and their supplies invoices to be uploaded
        the supplier invoice and qoute only for inspector not the fleetmanager
    }   

    Workshop functionality.
    workshop admin, Add all mechanics(Mech must all trade test certification on stystem), and learners
    Page for learner for training(courses needed to complete by learners)
    Mech to add additional information
)


Call Center functionaly{
    load qoute on behalf of workshops cant approve or anything, 
    neg or update prices on qoute,
    request inspection,
    ability to upload invoices against workshops.
    Open up jobs.
    We need the driver to log breakdown(request for services(if any due or repair then 
    fleet manager will see this and that when start look for workshop))
}



Company logs(
    start trip it must be indicated if business and then once stop it will record all the kms
)



old system{
    have create job and the should be able to create breakdown
}




08/07/2025

CallCenter => Actions on job to 
add parts and labour

status  (waiting qoutation, )

click view load part and labour

pending => pending qoutation
when clicked display all base on that status

qoute management tp repair management same view as others










Database: Instead of new scheme we have the workshop_jobAssignment, workshop_

Add user to get access



Update theres internal(call center) and external workshops,


For internal workshop can the fleet manager add the internal workshops...? Yes they just need location and simple information about the workshop












Klaver Requeirements

Stock Take: The client wants to be able to view their available stock levels at any given time.
Sublets: If Klaver is unable to repair a vehicle, they would like the option to send it to another sublet for repairs. (Wynand has requested that Lwazi load the sublets manually.)
Suppliers: This functionality will be used for ordering parts.


1. Wynand (Fleet Manager) - wynand@lowveldsprings.co.za

Super User Access
Create new users
Add / remove vehicles
 

2. Lwazi (Administrator & Parts) - stores@klaverplant.co.za

Workshop module access
Create job cards (JC’s)
Assign technicians
Create sublets
Add suppliers
View workshop history
Order parts
Conduct stock takes
Check stock quantities


Todo

- Labour Cost
- Parts cost link to vehicle and JC’s
- Reports do one for vehicles for now
- Need to do aaron testing updates


-- Part Assigned missing or requested
-- Add labour cost (hours x labour amount)
- Inventory part assigned not showing




-------------- Workshop PREFIX
Jobs

New system for Toyota
2 deals kilig
1 one deal is soltrack



Aqua trans (Mobile application => routing system)
Mobile